{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff13\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset204 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset204 Times;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset204 Courier;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f7\fnil\fcharset0 MT Extra;}
{\f8\fnil\fcharset238 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f9\fnil\fcharset238 Times;}
{\f10\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f11\fnil\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\f12\fnil\fcharset238 Courier;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset0 Times;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f15\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f16\fnil\fcharset0 Courier;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\fs20\snext0 Normal;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s1\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40\li0 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2048 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li512 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li2560 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32\li1024 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24\li1536 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 part;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa60\keepn\f13\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was sexy_beast.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 1.9.19 (released Nov 20 2007) on Tue Jun 22 23:46:54 2010
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f13\fs20\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f13\aftnnar
{
\par\pard\qc {\fs30 \pard\qc\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Scenes in {\i Sexy Beast}}
\par\pard\qc {\fs24 Marcus Meng (FLM151)}
\par\pard\qc {\fs24 }
\par\pard\qc {\fs24 }
\par\pard\qc {\fs24 }\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 In shot 1 (at roughly 30:46), Don has recently arrived at Gal\rquote s villa, and is sitting around discussing a job with him. Gal keeps attempting to turn Don down, however, Don is fairly insistent. In the picture, both characters have roughly the same size and take up roughly the same amount of space on-screen. This makes sense \endash  at this point, Don is known to be somewhat sinister and disliked by the various characters, but the exact reasons are not apparant to the viewer. His own actions thus far are only slightly menacing, he hasn\rquote t gotten to his out-and-out sociopathic actions yet. The balance on-screen between them makes it so that the two characters seem to be on the same level, talking to each other as (reluctant) colleagues, rather than having any given one as an aggressor. The conversational tone of the scene is further reinforced by the camera distance \endash  the medium-length shot keeps it from being too personal, while allowing the viewer to focus on the two characters without distractions.\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 In the third shot, the various characters are standing around in the kitchen, deliberately avoiding Don. Their discomfort at his presence is accentuated by the way the shot is set up \endash  various characters are placed evenly around the room, but none are centered \endash  no character is given significantly more focus than another. The presence of the characters in the foreground are balanced by having their expressions and forms darkened, making them "weigh" less in the scene visually than the ones in the back, fully lighted. The camera distance makes the scene quite impersonal; their expressions can\rquote t be seen clearly and the space between each character is accentuated, allowing their mutual discomfort to be the main focus.\par
{\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 {\plain\b\fs32 References}\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li450\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_web_imdb}1{\*\bkmkend BIB_web_imdb}]\tab {\i Sexy Beast}, http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0203119/\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_web_tomatoes}2{\*\bkmkend BIB_web_tomatoes}]\tab Rotten Tomatoes, http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/sexy_beast/\par
\pard\qj\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi-450 [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_web_mise_en_scene}3{\*\bkmkend BIB_web_mise_en_scene}]\tab {\i Mis\'e9 en Scene}, http://englit.org/eiland_shared/critical/miseenscene.htm\par
}}}
