{\rtf1\ansi\deff1\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset128 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq0\fcharset0 Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq0\fcharset0 Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset128 DejaVu Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs28\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe1024\hich\f2\fs28\lang1024\loch\f2\fs28\lang1024\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1024\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs24\lang1024\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1024\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\s7\cf0\tqc\tx4819\tqr\tx9638{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\sbasedon1\snext7 footer;}
{\s8\sb240\sa60\keepn\cf0\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs40\lang1024\ab\ltrch\dbch\langfe1024\hich\fs40\lang1024\b\loch\fs40\lang1024\b\sbasedon1\snext1 part;}
{\s9\sb240\sa60\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs40\lang1024\ab\ltrch\dbch\langfe1024\hich\fs40\lang1024\b\loch\fs40\lang1024\b\sbasedon1\snext1 heading 1;}
{\s10\sb240\sa60\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs32\lang1024\ab\ltrch\dbch\langfe1024\hich\fs32\lang1024\b\loch\fs32\lang1024\b\sbasedon1\snext1 heading 2;}
{\s11\sb240\sa60\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs32\lang1024\ab\ltrch\dbch\langfe1024\hich\fs32\lang1024\b\loch\fs32\lang1024\b\sbasedon1\snext1 heading 3;}
{\s12\sb240\sa60\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs24\lang1024\ab\ltrch\dbch\langfe1024\hich\fs24\lang1024\b\loch\fs24\lang1024\b\sbasedon1\snext1 heading 4;}
{\s13\sb240\sa60\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs24\lang1024\ab\ltrch\dbch\langfe1024\hich\fs24\lang1024\b\loch\fs24\lang1024\b\sbasedon1\snext1 heading 5;}
{\s14\sb240\sa60\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs24\lang1024\ab\ltrch\dbch\langfe1024\hich\fs24\lang1024\b\loch\fs24\lang1024\b\sbasedon1\snext1 heading 6;}
{\*\cs16\cf0\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs24\lang1024\loch\f1\fs24\lang1024 Endnote Symbol;}
}
{\info{\title Original file was la_confidential.tex}{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 1.9.19 (released Nov 20 2007) on Wed Jun  2 00:01:21 2010}{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern3200}}\deftab720
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12280\pghsxn15900\marglsxn2680\margrsxn2700\margtsxn2540\margbsxn1760\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}
{\pgdsc1\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12280\pghsxn15900\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt1 Endnote;}}
{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15900\paperw12280\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12280\pghsxn15900\marglsxn2680\margrsxn2700\margtsxn2540\margbsxn1760\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnar
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\qj{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\sl240\slmult1\qc\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi300\rtlch\af1\afs30\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs30\lang1024\loch\f1\fs30\lang1024 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs30\lang1024\i0\b0 Characters in L.A. Confidential}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\qc\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs24\lang1024\loch\f1\fs24\lang1024 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs24\lang1024\i0\b0 Marcus Meng (FLM151)}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\qc\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\sl240\slmult1\qj\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi300\sb120\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\i0\b0{\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\i\loch\i L.A. Confidential}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\i0\b0  is a 1997 movie that, at first glance, appears to star three protagonists. The term "protagonist" refers to a character whose objectives and emotions the audience feels a sense of empathy with. Ed Exley, a cunning and idealistic rookie; B
ud White, a bully-like detective; and Jack Vincennes, a popular "Hollywood cop"; all find themselves trying to figure out the actual events behind a murder at a local diner. They each play critical roles in the story, and it is possible to argue that all t
hree of them are actual protagonists in this story.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\sl240\slmult1\qj\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi300\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\i0\b0 Exley starts out as what appears to be an idealistic and talented young cop, that uses his excellent success to get a position as a detective \'96 a position that he\'92s been trying for, in his attempts to follow in his father\'92s footsteps. He turns out to have 
significant amounts of cunning, both able to manipulate people to secure promotions and other accolades for himself, and to get into the heads of the various criminals he deals with. Over the course of the movie, the viewer realizes that his constant push 
for more and more power is a deviation from his original goal, which was to make sure that what happened to his father \'96 a murder where the perpetrator got away \'96 is not repeated. Exley himself realizes that he screwed up when Vincennes questions him as to
 his motivations, and the memory of his original goals eventually lets him gather himself and pull the trigger at the end of the movie, when the real criminal is about to get away.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\sl240\slmult1\qj\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi300\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\i0\b0 White, on the other hand, is seen by the rest of the squad as a musclebound thug. He is often called in to intimidate suspects or provide some physical force when finesse doesn\'92t work. At the beginning of the story, it wouldn\'92t be difficult to assert that 
he\'92s almost set up as the opposite of Exley \'96 a succesful detective with the exact opposite of Exley\'92s methods. However, through the story, the viewers get insights into his motivations, thoughts, and ideals. He tends to be short tempered, but he also figh
ts for what he believes is right. When he\'92s manipulated into doing things by Dudley, he becomes angry \'96 he refrains from killing or maiming Exley despite the planted evidence because he realizes that it\'92s not fully Exley\'92s fault in that situation. And he\'92s
 hardly as thick as he appears at first glance \'96 he figures out that something\'92s wrong with the murder at the restaraunt well before Exley even gets to it.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\sl240\slmult1\qj\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi300\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\i0\b0 Vincennes is a showman. He makes a lot of kickbacks off the studio he works for, and he often goes out of his way to be fairly flashy. As a result, he\'92s well liked by a lot of the people that know him, and his connections let him see how politics in the sq
uad and in the associated organizations often works. He appears to be motivated by greed at first, but the viewers eventually notice that there\'92s a deeper side to him when Exley confronts him. He talks about how he\'92s been working on a murder that nobody el
se seems to even care about; and the implication of the statement is that his showmanship is a cover for a person too tired and jaded by the inefficiency (or, perhaps in this case, outright obstructionary) of the heavily political police organization. He s
eems to admire Exley\'92s ability to stick to his ideals, and that inspires him to assist Exley\'92s investigation.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\sl240\slmult1\qj\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi300\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang1024\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1024\hich\f1\fs20\lang1024\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1024\i0\b0 By the definition of the protagonist referred to earlier, all of these characters can easily be considered protagonists of this story \'96 it is easy for a viewer to understand and follow the motivations of all three of these characters.}
\par }